README.md, before:

The Laws Of Physics
====================
Complex and Realistic End-Game Technology in Minecraft

Description:
​A Super Complex and Realistic End-Game Tech Mod for Minecraft which adds all kinds of machines based on realistic science concepts. This is quite a late game mod, to get anything done you will need quite a few machines and lots of resources but it you will also get alot for your work

History/Inspiration
This mod was imagined by me (GeckoTheGeek42) in chemistry class and so me and my friend Zarkoix are developing the mod along with coldrock7, one of zarkoix's buddies
I have very little artistic ability so Zarkoix and cyberliandra (colrock7's sister) are the main texture designer's and colrock7 is the main model designer
Both Zarkoix and Colrock7 seem to have gone off the grid so if anyone is willing to work with me I would be thankful

Details / Summary -

Energy -
There are multiple power systems :
Electrical Energy, Mechanical Energy, Thermal Energy, Pressurized Fluids, Magnetic Energy/Fields ...
Every Machine uses different energy sources depending on what 'makes sense'
eg. Centrifuge requires Mechanical Energy
eg. Smelter requires Thermal Energy
eg. Electrolysis Chamber requires Electrical Energy
eg. Ingot Compressor requires Pressurized Fluids
eg. Magnetizer requires Magnetic Energy/Fields
All power systems are interconvertible in some way or the other (to an extent)

Energy Production -

Machines - 
Most machines are multiblock and modular
Most can be expanded/upgraded
eg. add more 'Test Tubes' or something to a Centrifuge to make it process more at a time
eg. add more Heating Chambers to a Smelter to process more
eg. add more Fans to a Gas Compressor to compress fluids quicker
Different parts of the machine can be made out of different materials
Different materials have different properties that make them suited for different purposes
eg. Aluminum has a high melting point which is good for a smelter but isnt very strong so it wouldnt be good for a Ingot Compressor
eg. Tungsten has a high strength which is good for Ingot Compressors but is too heavy to be used in the fans of a Gas Compressor

Chemistry - 
Many things can be dissolved into chemicals and reacted to make other chemicals that can be mixed back into other materials
Similar to MineChem but more complex and 'realistic'
eg. Acid + Base -> Salt + Water
eg. Acid + Carbonate -> Salt + Water + CO2
etc. etc. other things that are useful

Organic Chemistry - 
Hydrocarbons and Carbohydrates can be created and customized for various functions
Alkanes and Alkenes are good for Fuels
Larger Chains Burn Longer but Slower, Smaller Chains Burn Shorter but Faster
Alcohols are Good for Recreation Posted Image and Fuels
Alcohols are Powerful
Weak Acids can be created in large quantities for certain reactions (not Strong Acids)
etc.

Ore Processing - 
Ores can be ground/crystallized into minerals (impure compounds of the metal in the ore)
These Minerals have to go through certain reactions to become pure metals that can be melted down and casted into components/ingots
eg. Hematite (Fe2O3) and Ilmenite (FeTiO3) (bot oxides) have to be Reduced using Carbon Monoxide into pure Iron (Fe)
eg.  Any Hydroxide (Limonite/ Bauxite) or Sulphide (Chalcopyrite/ Zinc Blende) have to be Oxidized into an oxide (using any oxidizing agent (oxygen is actually a bad oxidizing agent) ) before they can be Reduced into a Pure Metal as normal
eg. Hydroxides can also be dehydrated (using a dehydrating agent (such as sulfuric acid) ) straight into pure Metals but that takes a lot more time

If you've found a bug please (x1000) make an issue on the github, it makes it much easier to track them

Commit message:

Overhauled Items added batch files for setting up, * batch file for building is included but dont use, there is no way of organizing builds between people so...

README.md, after:

The Laws Of Physics
====================
Complex and Realistic End-Game Technology in Minecraft

Description:
​A Super Complex and Realistic End-Game Tech Mod for Minecraft which adds all kinds of machines based on realistic science concepts. This is quite a late game mod, to get anything done you will need quite a few machines and lots of resources but it you will also get alot for your work

History/Inspiration
This mod was imagined by me (GeckoTheGeek42) in chemistry class and so me and my friend Zarkoix are developing the mod along with coldrock7, one of zarkoix's buddies
I have very little artistic ability so Zarkoix and cyberliandra (colrock7's sister) are the main texture designer's and colrock7 is the main model designer
Both Zarkoix and Colrock7 seem to have gone off the grid so if anyone is willing to work with me I would be thankful

Details / Summary -

Energy -
There are multiple power systems :
Electrical Energy, Mechanical Energy, Thermal Energy, Pressurized Fluids, Magnetic Energy/Fields ...
Every Machine uses different energy sources depending on what 'makes sense'
eg. Centrifuge requires Mechanical Energy
eg. Smelter requires Thermal Energy
eg. Electrolysis Chamber requires Electrical Energy
eg. Ingot Compressor requires Pressurized Fluids
eg. Magnetizer requires Magnetic Energy/Fields
All power systems are interconvertible in some way or the other (to an extent)

Energy Production -

Machines - 
Most machines are multiblock and modular
Most can be expanded/upgraded
eg. add more 'Test Tubes' or something to a Centrifuge to make it process more at a time
eg. add more Heating Chambers to a Smelter to process more
eg. add more Fans to a Gas Compressor to compress fluids quicker
Different parts of the machine can be made out of different materials
Different materials have different properties that make them suited for different purposes
eg. Aluminum has a high melting point which is good for a smelter but isnt very strong so it wouldnt be good for a Ingot Compressor
eg. Tungsten has a high strength which is good for Ingot Compressors but is too heavy to be used in the fans of a Gas Compressor

Chemistry - 
Many things can be dissolved into chemicals and reacted to make other chemicals that can be mixed back into other materials
Similar to MineChem but more complex and 'realistic'
eg. Acid + Base -> Salt + Water
eg. Acid + Carbonate -> Salt + Water + CO2
etc. etc. other things that are useful

Organic Chemistry - 
Hydrocarbons and Carbohydrates can be created and customized for various functions
Alkanes and Alkenes are good for Fuels
Larger Chains Burn Longer but Slower, Smaller Chains Burn Shorter but Faster
Alcohols are Good for Recreation Posted Image and Fuels
Alcohols are Powerful
Weak Acids can be created in large quantities for certain reactions (not Strong Acids)
etc.

Ore Processing - 
Ores can be ground/crystallized into minerals (impure compounds of the metal in the ore)
These Minerals have to go through certain reactions to become pure metals that can be melted down and casted into components/ingots
eg. Hematite (Fe2O3) and Ilmenite (FeTiO3) (bot oxides) have to be Reduced using Carbon Monoxide into pure Iron (Fe)
eg.  Any Hydroxide (Limonite/ Bauxite) or Sulphide (Chalcopyrite/ Zinc Blende) have to be Oxidized into an oxide (using any oxidizing agent (oxygen is actually a bad oxidizing agent) ) before they can be Reduced into a Pure Metal as normal
eg. Hydroxides can also be dehydrated (using a dehydrating agent (such as sulfuric acid) ) straight into pure Metals but that takes a lot more time

For Modders : 
	To Setup This Mod in your Dev Environment, simply run setupWorkspaceIdea.bat or setupWorkspaceEclipse.bat
	The Same Commands Will Update The Version Of Forge after being changed in the build.gradle file
	To Build The Mod for yourself run buildProject.bat
	Have Fun!

If you've found a bug please (x1000) make an issue on the github, it makes it much easier to track them
